Make it 22, that's the street for love.
I'm different, I'd hear.
Who are these people again?
Margaret Powell, she's our oldest kind of little resident.
She's in Bringuy at the moment.
Her mother wanted us to go to school until she was about eight,
because of course it was a...
Oh, that must have been a different school.
That's why she went to school, though.
Is this Lennar's house?
It's amazing, old father.
See, Mark's in Yorswyr.
Oh, that's it, Mark, sorry.
Yorswyr.
It's amazing how far they've gone.
I had a cousin who, before she was five,
she was walking four miles to school.
That's not unusual, is it?
No.
In the snow.
If she's born in 22, that means she was only three years old.
She looks more than that there, doesn't she?
Yes, yes, yes.
No, it must have been 35.
Yeah, she'd be...
That must have been...
They've got that wrong, it must have been 35, surely.
Well, the front row would be five or six, wouldn't it?
Yeah, yeah.
I would think.
1520, 2028.
No, it must have been 1935, that.
These are all in Nusselt School, aren't they?
It's a bit more.
Yeah.
And all these rooms.
Nusselt School.
Oh, Nusselt School.
Yeah, yeah.
Whoa.
Well, the lady who lives next door to me...
Edgar Thomas must have been...
That must be Thomas' father, mustn't it?
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Yeah.
Thomas' grandfather.
Yeah, Edgar Thomas, Thomas Igo.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, Bill Jones, I've got a bill.
Shall we see it too?
Doris Lloyd.
She need to be...
She wouldn't want to slide down, would she?
Wow.
Oh, a dying carcoyd.
How the hell is that?
Long walk to school, here you go.
Oh, sure is some karma.
School at nine o'clock and close at four ten,
and walk to school from long distances.
Oh, eight miles, they took the medium out,
a bottle of teal milk.
Had to be something.
A lantern's by the teachers to light away.
Oh, it comes.
I should have brought Mrs Evans down here.
She was the last headmistress of Llymouth Old School.
Who was?
Mrs Evans, she lives next door to me.
Still? She's still alive?
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
She was the last one in Llymouth Old School,
but I mean, she's 80ish, I think.
Her husband's just died now a few months ago,
when he was 83, I think.
So she must have stopped there in about 1960,
haven't you?
Oh, later than that.
Yeah.
Later?
When did it turn into a whole?
She was headmistress there,
well, she was the only teacher, I think.
Yeah.
And then they closed the school,
and she went to Brintingale.
Right.
She retired from Brintingale.
Oh, you're asking me,
this is a photograph, isn't it?